What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A ".git" file is added (it's hidden). This file keeps track (the status) of all files 
in the repository. You need to create a repository, it will keep track of all the files
within it and also its subfolders (and therefore, the files in these subfolders).

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The working directory is actually the place where you have your files. It just have the 
last version of each one. The staging area is "the place" where you add the files (from the
working directory) that you want to commit to the repository. The repository holds all the changes
of each file since the creation of each one. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can "stage" a file (using git add), so that only the modified archive (the one with the logical change)
gets commited after running git commit. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Some situations are: when you want to create two or more versions of the project, when you want to experiment
with changes in the code without affecting the entire project, to change the language, etc. 
The branches help to work on the same project, but in different versions, without affecting each other. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Having a diagram, let you visualize which commits belong to each branch, and therefore, how branches are
made (like a tree).

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result is that the commits of each branch will be combined into a single one (commonly, master) and 
changes in both will be reflected into the combined one. We represent this in the diagram as an-only branch,
because they're now combined. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The automatic merging does all the work for you: it searches for the changes, and it combines the changes into
one single file. However, this could cause a conflict. Doing merges manually gives you more control over the files, 
and therefore, you can solve the merging conflicts. 